Add Doc Blocks overview & API reference (#21113)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/api/doc-block-argtypes.md

---
title: 'ArgTypes'
---

The `ArgTypes` block can be used to show a static table of [arg types](./argtypes.md) for a given component, as a way to document its interface.

<div class="aside">

💡 If you’re looking for a dynamic table that shows a story’s current arg values for a story and supports users changing them, see the [`Controls`](./doc-block-controls.md) block instead.

</div>

![Screenshot of ArgTypes block](TK)

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
```md
{/* ButtonDocs.mdx */}
import { ArgTypes } from '@storybook/blocks';
import * as ButtonStories from './Button.stories';

<ArgTypes of={ButtonStories} />;
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

## API

### ArgTypes

```js
import { ArgTypes } from '@storybook/blocks';
```

> `ArgTypes` is a React component which accepts props of type `ArgTypesProps`.
> 
> <div class="aside">
> 
> ℹ️ Like most blocks, the `ArgTypes` block can both be configured via props when using it directly in MDX, or with properties in `parameters.docs.argTypes`.
> 
> </div>
> 
> #### `ArgTypesProps`

Reviewer: Personally I feel the pattern of documenting `ArgTypes` separately from `ArgTypesProps` is very redundant (in all cases, not just for `ArgTypes`. I don't really see how this adds any value/clarification, compared to this simplification:

```suggestion

`ArgTypes` is a React component which accepts the following props:

<div class="aside">

ℹ️ Like most blocks, the `ArgTypes` block can both be configured via props when using it directly in MDX, or with properties in `parameters.docs.argTypes`.

</div>

```

Author: This is largely driven by pages like `/docs/api/doc-block-colorpalette`, which contains both `ColorPalette` and `ColorItem`, each with their own props.

However, I now see why your Notion examples used "Options" as a heading (to be inclusive of both props and parameters uses), and I'll be switching to that.
